"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets the details of the Globally distributed autonomous database
identified by given id.


Usage
=====

   oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--distributed-autonomous-database-id [text]

Globally distributed autonomous database identifier


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-none-match [text]

For conditional requests. In the GET call for a resource, set the *If-
None-Match* header to the value of the ETag from a previous GET (or
POST or PUT) response for that resource. The server will return with
either a 304 Not Modified response if the resource has not changed, or
a 200 OK response with the updated representation.

--metadata [text]

Comma separated names of argument corresponding to which metadata need
to be retrived.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database create --generate-param-json-input catalog-details > catalog-details.json
       oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database create --generate-param-json-input private-endpoint-ids > private-endpoint-ids.json
       oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database create --generate-param-json-input shard-details > shard-details.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export character_set=<substitute-value-of-character_set> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-character-set
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export database_version=<substitute-value-of-database_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-database-version
       export db_deployment_type=<substitute-value-of-db_deployment_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-db-deployment-type
       export db_workload=<substitute-value-of-db_workload> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-db-workload
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export listener_port=<substitute-value-of-listener_port> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-listener-port
       export ncharacter_set=<substitute-value-of-ncharacter_set> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-ncharacter-set
       export ons_port_local=<substitute-value-of-ons_port_local> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-ons-port-local
       export ons_port_remote=<substitute-value-of-ons_port_remote> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-ons-port-remote
       export prefix=<substitute-value-of-prefix> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-prefix
       export sharding_method=<substitute-value-of-sharding_method> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/distributed-database/distributed-autonomous-db-service/distributed-autonomous-database/create.html#cmdoption-sharding-method

       distributed_autonomous_database_id=$(oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database create --catalog-details file://catalog-details.json --character-set $character_set --compartment-id $compartment_id --database-version $database_version --db-deployment-type $db_deployment_type --db-workload $db_workload --display-name $display_name --listener-port $listener_port --ncharacter-set $ncharacter_set --ons-port-local $ons_port_local --ons-port-remote $ons_port_remote --prefix $prefix --private-endpoint-ids file://private-endpoint-ids.json --shard-details file://shard-details.json --sharding-method $sharding_method --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci distributed-database distributed-autonomous-db-service distributed-autonomous-database get --distributed-autonomous-database-id $distributed_autonomous_database_id
