"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns a list of templates, containing detailed information about
them. You may limit the number of results, provide sorting order, and
filter by information such as template name, type, display name and
description.


Usage
=====

   oci log-analytics template list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.

--namespace-name [text]

The Logging Analytics namespace used for the request.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--filter [text]

filter

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

The template lifecycle state used for filtering. Currently supported
values are ACTIVE and DELETED.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, DELETED

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--name [text]

The template name used for filtering.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--sort-by [text]

The attribute used to sort the returned templates

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeCreated, timeUpdated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ascending (*ASC*) or descending
(*DESC*).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC

--template-display-text [text]

The template display text used for filtering. Only templates with the
specified name or description will be returned.

--type [text]

The template type used for filtering. Only templates of the specified
type will be returned.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/template/list.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export namespace_name=<substitute-value-of-namespace_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/log-analytics/template/list.html#cmdoption-namespace-name

       oci log-analytics template list --compartment-id $compartment_id --namespace-name $namespace_name
