"list-catalog-items"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Gets a list of Catalog Items in a compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci fleet-apps-management fleet-apps-management-catalog catalog-item-collection list-catalog-items [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The ID of the compartment in which to list resources.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--catalog-listing-id [text]

catalogListingId of the package. This is an integer whose min and max
length are specified.

--catalog-listing-version-criteria [text]

Parameter to list all catalog items only with latest version or list
all catalog items with all versions.

Accepted values are:

   LIST_ALL_VERSIONS, LIST_EARLIEST_VERSION_ONLY, LIST_LATEST_VERSION_ONLY

--config-source-type [text]

The ConfigSourceType Eg: STACK_TEMPLATE_CATALOG_SOURCE,
PAR_CATALOG_SOURCE, URL_CATALOG_SOURCE, MARKETPLACE_CATALOG_SOURCE.

--display-name [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the entire display name
given.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--lifecycle-state [text]

A filter to return only resources that match the given lifecycle
state. The state value is case-insensitive.

Accepted values are:

   ACTIVE, CREATING, DELETED, DELETING, FAILED, UPDATING

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

A token representing the position at which to start retrieving
results. This must come from the *opc-next-page* header field of a
previous response.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--should-list-public-items [boolean]

The indicator to append Public Items from the root compartment to any
query, when set to TRUE.

--sort-by [text]

The field to sort by. You can provide only one sort by. Default value
for *timeCreated* is descending. Default order for *displayName* is
ascending

Accepted values are:

   displayName, timeBackfillLastChecked, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘ASC’ or ‘DESC’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/fleet-apps-management/fleet-apps-management-catalog/catalog-item-collection/list-catalog-items.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci fleet-apps-management fleet-apps-management-catalog catalog-item-collection list-catalog-items --compartment-id $compartment_id
